Changelog 06/22/2021 - 07/05/2021 (#667)
stitchdata/docs: _changelog-files/2021/2021-06-28-facebook-ads-v1-update-country-primary-key.md

---
title: "Facebook Ads (v1) update: Fixed composite primary key"
content-type: "changelog-entry"
date: 2021-06-28
entry-type: updated-feature
entry-category: integration
connection-id: "facebook-ads"
connection-version: "1"
pull-request: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-facebook/pull/154"
---
{{ site.data.changelog.metadata.single-integration | flatify }}

We've completed the `ads_insights_country` composite primary key to now include `country`.

> The composite primary key is now: `campaign_id", "adset_id", "ad_id", "date_start", "country"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The composite primary key is now: `campaign_id : adset_id : ad_id : date_start : country`
```

---
title: "Facebook Ads (v1) update: Fixed composite primary key for the `ads_insights_country` table"
content-type: "changelog-entry"
date: 2021-06-28
entry-type: bug-fix
entry-category: "integration"
connection-id: "facebook-ads"
connection-version: "1"
pull-request: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-facebook/pull/154"
---
{{ site.data.changelog.metadata.single-integration | flatify }}

We've fixed the `ads_insights_country` composite primary key. The `country` field had previously been erroneously excluded.

The composite primary key is now: `campaign_id", "adset_id", "ad_id", "date_start", "country"`.

This is a breaking change and communiation from Stitch support has been emailed to affected users.

> If you are not already including the `country` field in downstream processes that identify uniqueness of records in the files loaded to S3 for this table, this field will need to be added into those processes.

Reviewer: Why the mention of S3? This isn't specific to S3 destinations, and our internal processes (which do involve an S3 bucket) aren't relevant here.

You may also wish to reset this table to have historical data re-replicated and more accurately portrayed in S3, in which case you should:

>   1. Contact our support team to implement a courtesy row-usage exemption for your Facebook Ads integration.
>   2. Within Stitch, navigate to the ads_insights_country table's Table Settings page.
>   3. Use the Reset Table button to queue this table's reset.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Contact our support team to implement a courtesy row-usage exemption for your {{ this-connection.display_name }} integration.
  2. Within Stitch, navigate to the `ads_insights_country` table's **Table Settings** page.
  3. Use the **Reset Table** button to queue this table's reset.
  
```
